Fix link to federated identity documentation (#74)
tailscale/gitops-acl-action: README.md

          action: test
```

> Generate a new federated identity. See [here](https://tailscale.com/docs/integrations/github/github-action) for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate a new OpenID Connect federated identity for GitHub [here](https://login.tailscale.com/admin/settings/trust-credentials/add) with Policy File - Write permission.
```

The page you linked talks about identify federation in context of connecting to tailnet, which is different from what matters in context of this Action.
